Document when a data migrator is required (conformance rule + no-op convention) (#3185)
microbiomedata/nmdc-schema: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Never work on the main branch, always work on an issue/feature branch
- Core developers can work on branches off origin rather than forks
- Always create a PR on a branch to maximize transparency of what you are doing

> - When a PR makes data that was valid under the current schema invalid under the new schema, include a migrator. A breaking change with no affected production data should still ship a no-op migrator, with the reason noted in the PR. See [`nmdc_schema/migrators/README.md`](nmdc_schema/migrators/README.md).

Reviewer: "A breaking change with no affected production data should still ship a no-op migrator" is not accurate. Breaking changes require "yes-op" migrators, not "no-op" migrators. Revised here:

```suggestion
- When a PR contains schema changes that would make it so _any hypothetical data_ that complies with the current version of the schema would not comply with the new version of the schema, include a migrator in the PR. If no schema changes made since the last release would do that, include a "no op" migrator before creating the next release. See [`nmdc_schema/migrators/README.md`](nmdc_schema/migrators/README.md).
```
